---
title:  "Counting shots (the hard way)"
date:   2017-07-10 15:07:59
categories: [jekyll]
tags: [jekyll]
---
In my circle of friends, we like to play a game that is basically always ongoing. Most of us are movie buffs, and will take any opportunity to quote a movie if the timing is right. We started following up said quotes with a "Reference, take a shot!" directed at whoever we believe least likely to know what movie the quote was from. While we were never very strict about enforcing the punishment of the game, we did lack an easy way to tally the shots owed. Thus, I was bored one night and started
throwing together a little webpage to do just that. I started using JavaScript and storing the counts in flat files, and poof, the shot counter was born. If there is one thing I love to do, it's solve a problem with code. Now that I had solved it, I needed to make it better (or at least fancier!). Why should I store the counts in a flat file when I could store them in a database for easier manipulation? While I was at it, why not build the whole front end over in Sinatra? Now the simple shot counter was becoming more robust, and the possibilities continue to grow. In its current iteration, the shot counter will not only track my existing friends, but will also accept new inputs and create new database entries for them. There are many more features I would like to add, but feel free to check out version 1.0 of the shot counter   (link removed)

Edit: I am no longer hosting my shot counter, however you can view the code [here](https://github.com/darkmagi2/sinatra)
